my guest tonight is an American treasure
he's been wearing sweat pants on TV long
before anybody was doing it his
excellent movie uncut gems arrives at
Netflix on May 25th please welcome Adam
Sandler Adam you've brought a guest with
you Jimmy
you remember sunny she was in Brooklyn
with us that time I said how are you I
wanted to tell you a quick thing about
my sunny so yeah I had a hair coming out
of my ear apparently Sonny told me about
it and she said I look goofy so I went
in shape yeah I took the razor I usually
shape them and I went like this and then
I cannot say as I said how's that Sonny
if you said you're bleeding
so apparently tell Jimmy what it looks
like back there there's a gut she says
there's a apparently a gut coming off my
ear you see there's a little blood but
we'll comment down much better
I tell Jimmy love here we got to go I
got to get out all right bye Sonny
how's something holding up oh that's
cute and the funny thing is you're not
going anywhere you're gonna see her
again in two seconds that's how much
your children love you Adam
yeah yeah they're always always kind of
a rapper you go upstairs do some
homework get away from daddy so he can
you can talk dirty are you yes are you
helping with the homework are you
involved in these like zooms or whatever
you know it goes on I hear it going on
um the craziest thing happened to me I
added they when we first we're doing the
quarantine they had spring break
so I would be in my spot here doing my
thing I was like ah but kind of left
alone then all of a sudden school
started again for them and there I got
one over there one over there I'm in the
middle of this school every day so I
kind of like quietly talk to people and
I'm type of thing em on there through
their work and stuff and not
understanding any any of it but I head
in on occasion I say the teachers I like
that I think that probably is fun for
the teachers too well how are you
handling is I feel like you are designed
for quarantine because you don't really
like to go places right
you know that yeah I think I rather have
me I like it better that what to say no
I like when my wife says hey let's go
somewhere and I go no I don't want to do
that but I don't like being told but I
just this pandemic you can't go anywhere
I like it better when I you know it's
cool just say no I looked it up and I
think the last time you were cited in
public was at the Lakers game
sending that to Denzel Washington in
February yes that was a good night we
were all allowed to go out then and then
I think had a couple more nights out I
saw Jim Carrey's movie the sonic and I
noticed that people were spread out
there was only a few of us in the
theater and I was laughing very loud the
people behind that
laughing but our last big mat outside so
maybe your last movie theater experience
will have been Sonic the Hedgehog the
Hedgehog and I called the theater I was
telling them how funny he was while I
was going on I didn't know it was going
to be the last movie I ever saw either
somebody posted a video of you doing
push-ups outside your house my family
looked on who is this guy I hate first
of all that son of a front of my
house I don't know where he's hiding
every day I'm like but but but yeah I
did my eyebrows law has been working out
and he's looking good so I said I got
this app that tells you how many pushups
to do and so I said it's pretty good let
me do it now
so I dropped down while we were having a
discussion only because I knew if I
didn't do my push-ups then I'll never
get it done so I'm on the street this
jerk is filming me and I don't go all
the way down because I ripped my chest
ah so I don't know how to do a push like
you are you working out are you eating
right no I'm not doing either one of
those things I've not worked out one
time since this started and
I'm eating like a pig are you watching
you look good I don't know what's going
on with me but I'm gonna take off my
shirt in like three weeks and it's just
all gonna fall onto the floor I mean I I
have ups and downs it's I do that thing
now you can only a certain amount of
hours during the day right yeah yeah I'm
doing that move but I eat so much during
those six out I'm doing it too but I'm
doing the reverse instead of not eating
for 18 hours I've been eating for 18
hours and then 6:00 I take off yeah I
have it backwards are you ordering a lot
of food and what do you do do you have
it delivered to the house do you cook
what do you do oh we go to restaurants
and they throw it on the back of the van
that's a big move I got a van it's not
it's not down by the river and I and I
go there with family and we know a lot
of the restaurant owners and I call them
up we order and they chuck it in the
back of the van and everybody's wearing
their stuff and then I have we get some
delivery stuff and you have a mask when
you go out are you wearing a mask
you know what last night I went to get I
said we got to go somewhere else because
we do the same moves every night the
same food though and we haven't had
Chinese in two months so I called my
friend up I said what's good Chinese
around you he told us we drove ordered
on the phone our order was taken so long
that the lady said caught compact when
you know what you want and everybody was
heartbroken like they hung up I was like
was because we were babbling like idiots
this lady had a right to hang up on us
they said it's not me we would be rude
but anyways she was she hated us to
begin with then we get to the restaurant
and I show up Jimmy I said to my wife
you said you got the mask she goes oh I
don't have the master go so I don't have
the mask I got to go get the Chinese she
goes here and then she gave me a list
her in white to hold on my face and I
said
knocked me out like ether I said let me
just handle this and I put the gloves on
and I knocked on the door and I open it
and the lady's like 30 feet away and I
said hey we were the people you hung up
on understand why you did it I said I
don't want to come in you might bring it
here and I'll pick it up but you just
come in and I said I don't want to come
in I said I got my credit card I'm gonna
give you a tip on that but you got it
out you come in yelling up through my
wife he promised a tip then a nice guy
that knew my friend came into the
restaurant and he goes I know your
friend I said oh cool and then he came
out with my food and goes here I go she
didn't take it out she gave it to you
we're gonna figure this out in detail
with Adam Sandler when we come back
we'll be right back welcome back to
Jimmy Kimmel Live from my house I am
here with Adam Sandler I don't know
things in your house just seemed more
fun than they are in mind I don't maybe
not because I don't know Adams ears
bleeding no Jimmy it's not at all you
seem like the life is good you had the
right spirit all the time my family by
the way it used to be the worst thing
about this quarantine it used to be when
I snapped in the house I'd get thrown
out they my wife would be like you
better go get the hell out you're acting
nuts I would leave now
she's like get the hell out I'm asking
gloves and by the time I get the right
stuff to leave she's like I just stay it
doesn't matter it's calming you down
well you've been doing some good stuff
it seems like you're keeping busy at a
very funny video with Pete Davidson on
Saturday Night Live and you and last
night you were part of a big charity
event that supported feeding America and
I want to play a little UTV
I don't think I was invited were you
doing the Disney sing-along
I was doing the Disney sing-along yeah
all right let's take a look wake up in
the morning get up on my feet
dress my arms and legs step forward back
asleep wake up a few hours later start
to toast some bread pull it out butter
it up go back to bed
yeah can I tell you something that is so
hypnotic i watch that like seven times
in a row and on your Instagram page yeah
what's it do to you does it for you oh
yeah it captivates me I don't know it
changes my it puts me kind of in a good
mood that's pretty good yeah my two
buddies actually wrote the tune and gave
me all that stuff iiiii enjoyed seeing
it and my wife shot it
your wife shot the whole thing so your
family is your film crew now officially
my wife was the one who said bring that
trampoline and it jump off it I said hey
I don't know and I saw it man yeah are
you keeping in touch with your buddies
like Spade and Chris Rock and all these
guys and used to see all the time yeah
we can James the zoom stuff we do it
like we're doing right now and we all
yes we have fun fun together listening
who do you miss who do you miss the most
of those guys if you had to pick one who
do you miss seeing in person the most
the truth is I had a mask on you know
recently on the street and I walked past
Rob Schneider and he didn't recognize me
and that felt good hey I want to mention
this movie uncut gems because it came
out like around a year ago right oh not
quite a year ago but six months ago it
is such a good movie
and it is finally at long last coming to
Netflix and yeah I know you get
embarrassed about it but it really is I
think your greatest performance of many
great performances and and it is well
worth well worth watching
and Kevin Garnett is great in this movie
to the players I spoke to Kevin Garnett
two nights ago and he is such a cool
duty he he I showed him that video and
the thing you just watched and would get
back up and he liked it in the in the
ending about Jordan and so he thought it
was body so anyways yes me and Kevin
were on your show together I highly
recommended uncut gems and also each
night making donation to charity were
highlighting a charity Adam has selected
the Southern California Chapter of the
National MS Society multiple sclerosis
why did you pick that particular charity
Adam my cousin Jana she's had MS a long
time and she's been she's been she's
doing great right now she's doing doing
excellent and they it keeps getting
better and better than medicine and uh
but yeah we love our Jana well the
information is right there on your
screen if you want to be a part of that
thanks Adam I really appreciate it be
careful grooming yourself please leave
that to a professional yes I love you
say you to take care of Adam Sandler
we'll be right back